When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When you want to collaborate a work with others

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Because you might want to manage your versions separately from the one on origin while collaborating.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are ones you cloned from other repositories leaving the originals there, so it is like clones having originals someother place. Clones are ones you downloaded from your own repositories on your GitHub or your local, so they share the same origin. Branches are ones you have on your own history of commits.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    You can work offline, and it gives the possibility to do a quick check on which changes are made in the online repo compared to the offline one.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    You would need so many file versions for every step of changes made by all the collaborators, which would make the work very complicated and confusing. Using Git or GitHub would be much easier.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When collaborating, only the ones confirmed go to the master branch. Keeping that principle in mind, you would better make changes in a separate branch, get it confirmed by others, and then merge the branch into master branch. That way, people can lessen any confusion during collaborating.


commands:

git remote | to view what remote 
git remote -v | to view verbosely
git remote add origin 'link' | to add a remote named 'origin', or a 'link' on Github
git push origin master | to push a LOCAL master branch to origin, or the link on Github
git pull origin master | to pull a master branch on Github to origin(local)
git clone | git remote add + git pull (while ... see below)
git pull origin master | git fetch origin 
                       + git merge master origin/master
